* Python Variables

Variables are containers for storing data values.
Unlike other programming languages, Python has no command for declaring a variable.
A variable is created the moment you first assign a value to it.

* Variable Names

A variable can have a short name (like x and y) or a more descriptive name (age, carname, total_volume). Rules for Python variables:

    A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore character
    A variable name cannot start with a number
    A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A-z, 0-9, and _ )
    Variable names are case-sensitive (age, Age and AGE are three different variables)

* Assign Value to Multiple Variables

Python allows you to assign values to multiple variables in one line
And you can assign the same value to multiple variables in one line

* Global Variables

|Variables that are created outside of a function (as in all of the examples above) are known as global variables.
|Global variables can be used by everyone, both inside of functions and outside.
|If you create a variable with the same name inside a function, this variable will be local, and can only be used inside the function. The global variable with the same name will remain as it was, global and with the original value.
|The global Keyword
Normally, when you create a variable inside a function, that variable is local, and can only be used inside that function.
To create a global variable inside a function, you can use the global keyword.
|To change the value of a global variable inside a function, refer to the variable by using the global keyword

* Variable and Value

    A variable is a memory location where a programmer can store a value. Example : roll_no, amount, name etc.
    Value is either string, numeric etc. Example : "Sara", 120, 25.36
    Variables are created when first assigned.
    Variables must be assigned before being referenced.
    The value stored in a variable can be accessed or updated later.
    No declaration required
    The type (string, int, float etc.) of the variable is determined by Python
    The interpreter allocates memory on the basis of the data type of a variable.

* Python Variable Name Rules

    Must begin with a letter (a - z, A - B) or underscore (_)
    Other characters can be letters, numbers or _
    Case Sensitive
    Can be any (reasonable) length
    There are some reserved words which you cannot use as a variable name because Python uses them for other things.

* Good Variable Name

    Choose meaningful name instead of short name. roll_no is better than rn.
    Maintain the length of a variable name. Roll_no_of_a-student is too long?
    Be consistent; roll_no or RollNo
    Begin a variable name with an underscore(_) character for a special case.

